This program purpose is to indirectly bring autonomous update &
configuration migration facility back to Linux Tibia client.

Run it by typing:
python /path/to/autibiapdate.py

from directory parent to at least one obsolete client version.
That's all you need to know to run this program, keep reading
if something is not clear.

If obsolete version was actively used, it should have settings (characterdata
and conf directories) and minimap directory. If that is the case, newest
Tibia release is downloaded from official tibia.com site, extracted,
settings&minimap are copied from obsolete version to new one and
you should be ready to go.

Intended usage example scenario:
(Steps 1-5 are to be performed only once and they are only SUGGESTED)
1. Get this program to your computer any way you like.
2. Create directory where your Tibia versions will be stored.
Name does not matter, location neither as long as it is somewhere 
you have proper access to.
3. Copy this program and last Tibia version directory (example name:
tibia-49.55.5025) to directory you just created.
4. Make sure you have read permissions to conf, characterdata and
minimap directories in tibia-XX.XX.XXXX (whatever version you
have been using until now) and write permissions to directory you just
created). Unix command chmod can be used to edit permissions if they
are not correct currently.
5. Change your current directory to directory you created in step 2.
6. Execute this program by typing:
    python autibiapdate.py

After completing step 6, program will find obsolete version (for example,
tibia-49.55.5025), confirm it contains files needed for migration
(characterdata, conf, minimap), download new client, unpack it and migrate.
Now you can run Tibia as usual (but remember, if you followed above steps and
created new directory, location of startup script has changed, obviously).

From now on, anytime you see usual Linux announcement of new update (or just
can't log in to the game anymore), just go to directory (by default the one you
created in step 2) containing: Tibia versions and this program, and perform
step 6.

To make it a bit more clearer and highlight utility of this program, let's
compare 'manual' update process and 'autibiapdate' version, starting with
manual:
 -update is released
 -you go to client download webpage, accept agreement, choose linux version
 -client get's downloaded, you unpack it in directory of your choice
 -now if you do not want to lose hotkey,client presets and minimap files, you 
need to copy them from previous to current version directory
 -client should be ready to go
Now, for autibiapdate process:
 -update is released
 -you go to directory containing your current (now obsolete) Tibia release
 -execute autibiapdate.py with Python interpreter of your choice
 -download, unpacking and migration is done automatically
 -client should be ready to go
Considering yearly amount of updates to client, this program can save you
up to 10 minutes per year :)

NOTICE: You should avoid running this program as root or with sudo, otherwise
permissions might get messed up (as usually when root is involved), 
and you will have to run client with sudo as well or play around with chmod.
NOTICE: This program have necessary safety measures to prevent overwriting 
of your precious minimap files, but release you from duty of sustaining
backups. I am beginner programmer, don't trust me.

github.com/user/jan-nabot/
Clair Voyance (on Morta)
Janna Bot (on EUNE)

